README.md, before:

# 🧠 LPing: Multi-Agent Agentic AI Trading Bot for Solana Memecoins

> **Autonomous, AI-driven memecoin trading & cross-DEX arbitrage on Solana**  
> Powered by **Reinforcement Learning**, **Large Language Models (LLMs)**, **Real-Time Big Data**, and **Multi-Agent Coordination**

![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-000000?logo=solana&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-blue?logo=python)
![AI/ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%2FML-Deep_Learning%20%26%20RL-orange)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

---

## 🔥 Overview

**LPing** is a **modular, agentic AI trading system** designed to:
- **Discover, analyze, and trade newly launched Solana memecoins** on Raydium, Meteora, Orca, and Pump.fun.
- **Identify cross-DEX arbitrage opportunities** in real time using advanced AI models.
- **Autonomously execute trades**, manage liquidity, and optimize portfolio using a swarm of specialized AI agents.

Unlike rule-based bots, LPing uses **reinforcement learning**, **NLP**, **computer vision (for chart pattern recognition)**, and **unsupervised anomaly detection** to adapt to the chaotic, fast-moving memecoin ecosystem.

---

## 🤖 Core AI & ML Technologies

| Technique                     | Use Case                                                                 |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Reinforcement Learning (RL)** | Optimize trade timing, position sizing, and exit strategies.            |
| **Deep Neural Networks**       | Predict short-term price movements from on-chain + off-chain signals.   |
| **NLP (Transformer Models)**   | Monitor Twitter, Telegram, DexScreener, Birdeye for sentiment & hype.   |
| **Computer Vision (CV)**       | Analyze candlestick charts for breakout/fakeout patterns (via CNNs).     |
| **Unsupervised Learning**      | Cluster new tokens by behavior; detect rug pulls or honeypots.          |
| **Supervised Learning**        | Classify token legitimacy using historical scam/rug data.                |
| **Multi-Agent System**         | Specialized agents: Scout, Arbitrageur, Trader, RiskManager, Executor. |
| **Big Data Pipeline**          | Ingest 10k+ events/sec from Solana RPC, DEX APIs, and social feeds.      |
| **Planning & Scheduling**      | Coordinate agent workflows using hierarchical task networks (HTNs).     |

---

## 🌐 Supported Protocols

- **Raydium** (AMM + Limit Orders)
- **Meteora** (Dynamic Vaults + DLMM)
- **Orca** (Whirlpools + Concentrated Liquidity)
- **Pump.fun** (Token creation + initial bonding curve trading)

> ✅ Real-time price, liquidity, and trade data streaming from all platforms.

---

## 🧩 Modular Architecture
lping/
├── agents/                 # Autonomous AI agents with distinct roles
│   ├── scout_agent.py      # Discovers & filters new memecoins using on-chain + social signals
│   ├── arb_agent.py        # Detects & evaluates cross-DEX arbitrage opportunities
│   ├── trader_agent.py     # Manages entry/exit, position sizing, and liquidity provision
│   └── risk_agent.py       # Enforces stop-loss, scam detection, and portfolio limits
│
├── ai_models/              # Machine learning & AI subsystems
│   ├── price_predictor/    # Time-series models (LSTM, Transformer) for short-term forecasting
│   ├── sentiment_analyzer/ # NLP pipeline for social media & news sentiment (BERT, FinBERT)
│   ├── chart_vision/       # CNN-based candlestick pattern recognition
│   └── anomaly_detector/   # Unsupervised models (VAE, Isolation Forest) for rug-pull detection
│
├── dex_adapters/           # Unified abstraction layer for DEX interactions
│   ├── raydium.py          # Raydium AMM & limit order book integration
│   ├── meteora.py          # Meteora DLMM vault & liquidity APIs
│   ├── orca.py             # Orca Whirlpools (concentrated liquidity) support
│   └── pumpfun.py          # Pump.fun token creation & bonding curve trading
│
├── data/                   # Real-time data ingestion & feature engineering
│   ├── solana_streamer.py  # WebSocket listener for Solana program logs & trades
│   ├── social_feed.py      # Aggregates Twitter, Telegram, Discord via APIs
│   └── feature_engine.py   # Generates ML-ready features (volatility, liquidity delta, etc.)
│
├── executor/               # Secure transaction handling
│   ├── wallet.py           # Wallet management (Keypair, Ledger support planned)
│   └── tx_builder.py       # Builds + signs optimized Solana transactions
│
├── coordination/           # Agent orchestration & planning
│   └── scheduler.py        # Task prioritization, conflict resolution, and workflow planning
│
├── config/                 # Environment, secrets, and strategy parameters
│   └── settings.py         # Centralized configuration (loaded at runtime)
│
└── main.py                 # System entry point: initializes agents, starts data loops



---

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Real-Time Memecoin Discovery**: Detect new tokens within seconds of launch.
- **Cross-DEX Arbitrage Engine**: Profit from price discrepancies across 4+ DEXs.
- **AI-Powered Risk Control**: Auto-adjust position size based on volatility & scam probability.
- **Gas & Slippage Optimization**: Minimize costs using predictive gas models.
- **Human-in-the-Loop Mode**: Optional manual override for high-value trades.
- **Backtesting & Simulation**: Replay historical memecoin pumps with RL policies.

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

> **This is experimental software.** Memecoin trading is **extremely high-risk**. LPing may lose funds due to:
> - Smart contract exploits
> - MEV frontrunning
> - Sudden liquidity drops
> - Regulatory changes
>
> **Do not deploy with funds you cannot afford to lose.** The authors are not liable for any financial loss.

---

## 🛠️ Installation (WIP)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/syafiza/LPing-agentic-AI.git
cd LPing-agentic-AI
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Set environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your wallet private key, RPC URL, API keys, etc.

python main.py

🤝 Contributing
We welcome:

New DEX adapters (e.g., Jupiter, OpenBook)
Improved RL reward functions
Better scam detection models
UI/dashboard for monitoring
Please open an issue or PR!

📜 License
MIT License — see LICENSE for details.

🙏 Acknowledgements
Solana Foundation
Raydium, Meteora, Orca, and Pump.fun teams
LangChain, Ray, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Hugging Face
"In the chaos of memecoins, intelligence is the ultimate alpha."
— LPing Team 


---

### ✅ Next Steps for You:
1. **Save this as `README.md`** in your repo root.
2. Create the folder structure (`agents/`, `ai_models/`, etc.).
3. Let me help you generate the **first module** (e.g., `scout_agent.py` or `pumpfun.py` adapter).
4. Add a `requirements.txt` (I can generate that too!).

Would you like me to generate one of the core modules next? 🚀

Commit message:

Update README with key principles of the system
Added key principles section to README.

README.md, after:

# 🧠 LPing: Multi-Agent Agentic AI Trading Bot for Solana Memecoins

> **Autonomous, AI-driven memecoin trading & cross-DEX arbitrage on Solana**  
> Powered by **Reinforcement Learning**, **Large Language Models (LLMs)**, **Real-Time Big Data**, and **Multi-Agent Coordination**

![Solana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solana-000000?logo=solana&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-blue?logo=python)
![AI/ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%2FML-Deep_Learning%20%26%20RL-orange)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

---

## 🔥 Overview

**LPing** is a **modular, agentic AI trading system** designed to:
- **Discover, analyze, and trade newly launched Solana memecoins** on Raydium, Meteora, Orca, and Pump.fun.
- **Identify cross-DEX arbitrage opportunities** in real time using advanced AI models.
- **Autonomously execute trades**, manage liquidity, and optimize portfolio using a swarm of specialized AI agents.

Unlike rule-based bots, LPing uses **reinforcement learning**, **NLP**, **computer vision (for chart pattern recognition)**, and **unsupervised anomaly detection** to adapt to the chaotic, fast-moving memecoin ecosystem.

---

## 🤖 Core AI & ML Technologies

| Technique                     | Use Case                                                                 |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Reinforcement Learning (RL)** | Optimize trade timing, position sizing, and exit strategies.            |
| **Deep Neural Networks**       | Predict short-term price movements from on-chain + off-chain signals.   |
| **NLP (Transformer Models)**   | Monitor Twitter, Telegram, DexScreener, Birdeye for sentiment & hype.   |
| **Computer Vision (CV)**       | Analyze candlestick charts for breakout/fakeout patterns (via CNNs).     |
| **Unsupervised Learning**      | Cluster new tokens by behavior; detect rug pulls or honeypots.          |
| **Supervised Learning**        | Classify token legitimacy using historical scam/rug data.                |
| **Multi-Agent System**         | Specialized agents: Scout, Arbitrageur, Trader, RiskManager, Executor. |
| **Big Data Pipeline**          | Ingest 10k+ events/sec from Solana RPC, DEX APIs, and social feeds.      |
| **Planning & Scheduling**      | Coordinate agent workflows using hierarchical task networks (HTNs).     |

---

## 🌐 Supported Protocols

- **Raydium** (AMM + Limit Orders)
- **Meteora** (Dynamic Vaults + DLMM)
- **Orca** (Whirlpools + Concentrated Liquidity)
- **Pump.fun** (Token creation + initial bonding curve trading)

> ✅ Real-time price, liquidity, and trade data streaming from all platforms.

---

## 🧩 Modular Architecture
lping/
├── agents/                 # Autonomous AI agents with distinct roles
│   ├── scout_agent.py      # Discovers & filters new memecoins using on-chain + social signals
│   ├── arb_agent.py        # Detects & evaluates cross-DEX arbitrage opportunities
│   ├── trader_agent.py     # Manages entry/exit, position sizing, and liquidity provision
│   └── risk_agent.py       # Enforces stop-loss, scam detection, and portfolio limits
│
├── ai_models/              # Machine learning & AI subsystems
│   ├── price_predictor/    # Time-series models (LSTM, Transformer) for short-term forecasting
│   ├── sentiment_analyzer/ # NLP pipeline for social media & news sentiment (BERT, FinBERT)
│   ├── chart_vision/       # CNN-based candlestick pattern recognition
│   └── anomaly_detector/   # Unsupervised models (VAE, Isolation Forest) for rug-pull detection
│
├── dex_adapters/           # Unified abstraction layer for DEX interactions
│   ├── raydium.py          # Raydium AMM & limit order book integration
│   ├── meteora.py          # Meteora DLMM vault & liquidity APIs
│   ├── orca.py             # Orca Whirlpools (concentrated liquidity) support
│   └── pumpfun.py          # Pump.fun token creation & bonding curve trading
│
├── data/                   # Real-time data ingestion & feature engineering
│   ├── solana_streamer.py  # WebSocket listener for Solana program logs & trades
│   ├── social_feed.py      # Aggregates Twitter, Telegram, Discord via APIs
│   └── feature_engine.py   # Generates ML-ready features (volatility, liquidity delta, etc.)
│
├── executor/               # Secure transaction handling
│   ├── wallet.py           # Wallet management (Keypair, Ledger support planned)
│   └── tx_builder.py       # Builds + signs optimized Solana transactions
│
├── coordination/           # Agent orchestration & planning
│   └── scheduler.py        # Task prioritization, conflict resolution, and workflow planning
│
├── config/                 # Environment, secrets, and strategy parameters
│   └── settings.py         # Centralized configuration (loaded at runtime)
│
└── main.py                 # System entry point: initializes agents, starts data loops

---
🔗 Key Principles
Plug-and-Play DEXs: Add a new DEX by implementing a standard adapter interface.
Model Swappability: Replace price_predictor/ with your own model without touching agents.
Agent Isolation: Agents operate independently—failure in one doesn’t crash the whole system.
Async-First: Built on asyncio and Ray for high-throughput, low-latency execution.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Real-Time Memecoin Discovery**: Detect new tokens within seconds of launch.
- **Cross-DEX Arbitrage Engine**: Profit from price discrepancies across 4+ DEXs.
- **AI-Powered Risk Control**: Auto-adjust position size based on volatility & scam probability.
- **Gas & Slippage Optimization**: Minimize costs using predictive gas models.
- **Human-in-the-Loop Mode**: Optional manual override for high-value trades.
- **Backtesting & Simulation**: Replay historical memecoin pumps with RL policies.

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

> **This is experimental software.** Memecoin trading is **extremely high-risk**. LPing may lose funds due to:
> - Smart contract exploits
> - MEV frontrunning
> - Sudden liquidity drops
> - Regulatory changes
>
> **Do not deploy with funds you cannot afford to lose.** The authors are not liable for any financial loss.

---

## 🛠️ Installation (WIP)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/syafiza/LPing-agentic-AI.git
cd LPing-agentic-AI
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Set environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your wallet private key, RPC URL, API keys, etc.

python main.py

🤝 Contributing
We welcome:

New DEX adapters (e.g., Jupiter, OpenBook)
Improved RL reward functions
Better scam detection models
UI/dashboard for monitoring
Please open an issue or PR!

📜 License
MIT License — see LICENSE for details.

🙏 Acknowledgements
Solana Foundation
Raydium, Meteora, Orca, and Pump.fun teams
LangChain, Ray, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Hugging Face
"In the chaos of memecoins, intelligence is the ultimate alpha."
— LPing Team 


---

### ✅ Next Steps for You:
1. **Save this as `README.md`** in your repo root.
2. Create the folder structure (`agents/`, `ai_models/`, etc.).
3. Let me help you generate the **first module** (e.g., `scout_agent.py` or `pumpfun.py` adapter).
4. Add a `requirements.txt` (I can generate that too!).

Would you like me to generate one of the core modules next? 🚀
